hey everyone so I'm gonna be showing you
how I'm preparing to to receive my two
baby turtle they're gonna be like little
babies from turtle shack calm so I got
like a boy and a girl and I'm not going
to have the water super deep because at
least not right now and I chose not to
use gravel I just think it's like harder
to clean
anyways they're supposed to be arriving
tomorrow
they're coming UPS air I got the
tracking number and all that so I've got
their bulb up there and it is a solar
khlo and it's a UVA UVB and a heat lamp
all together in one it was about $32 it
comes with its own little stick-on
thermometer the temperatures and then I
have another thermometer up here that's
going to be for the water so that's the
thermometer for the basking area and
this is the water of the mother because
you got a keep track of both really I'm
gonna need to raise the water level like
an inch or so because I don't think the
babies can really climb those steps to
good I'll see how they do maybe they
just need to it up to the last step I
don't know but later when they when
they're over there you know transport
shock and everything I want to fill this
up higher and get one of those floating
docks so they can have extra room to
swim in they got some little fake plants
over there but I need to get more
decorations I guess like little places
for them to hide they can crawl under
this little dock and hide actually so
that that's probably going to be their
favorite hiding spot
and of course again these are little
babies so I'm gonna have to get a bigger
tank when they start getting bigger much
bigger tank so I bought some of this the
rep Tooman turtle food and this is the
tub that I'm gonna be feeding them in
because I'm gonna feed them separately
I'm not gonna feed them in their tank
apparently they poop at the same time
that they eat so eating time gets
extremely gross and messy so if you feed
them in a separate tub you'll save your
most of the mess right now I'm waiting
on a water heater and a filter for the
tank and again eventually I'll get the
floating dock so for now and I guess
I'll put them in this tub when I first
receive them because they say you got to
put them in a shallow room-temperature
water until they wake up and start like
moving around a lot I got some of these
reptile guards
it controls diseases and it's like
specially for Turtles this is so small
that I've only have to break off like a
quarter of it and it would be good for
weeks
so that'll last me a while I also got
some aqua safe for turtles it kind of
dechlorinate to the water and makes it
safe for turtles I got some algae
control and the turtles are gonna be
coming with their own food actually
so the rep teaming and the food that
they're gonna come with they're gonna be
the two foods I'll be feeding them so
I'm gonna be doing a review on turtle
shack - I've been hearing a lot of bad
things about them but so far they've
been pretty good to me
I want to wait and see you know what the
turtles are like when I get them check
them over make sure they're good and
healthy get them swimming and eating and
make sure they survive this big trip so
I'm gonna be doing an unboxing video of
that so you guys could see what my
turtles look like and oh that I'm sure
they'll be cute okay so that's it for
now I will talk to you guys later I will
update in the next video thanks for
watching bye